v5.0.0-alpha.35 (#26499)
mui-org/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

#### Changes

- [ButtonBase] Fix role="button" attribute (#26271) @Gautam-Arora24
- [Dialog] Fix support for custom breakpoints (#26331) @jeferson-sb
- [TextField] Add variants support, e.g. custom sizes (#26468) @siriwatknp
- [Tooltip] Improve handling of small vs. touch screens (#26097) @oliviertassinari

### `@material-ui/codemod@5.0.0-alpha.35`

- [codemod] Add multiple codemods to migrate components from v4 to v5 (#24867) @mbrookes
- [codemod] Correct path and add target placeholder (#26414) @mbrookes

### `@material-ui/icons@5.0.0-alpha.35`

- [icons] Use array children instead of React fragments (#26309) @eps1lon

  Reduce a bit the size of the package.

### `@material-ui/system@5.0.0-alpha.35`

- [system] Add Box to system (#26379) @mnajdova

  We are progressively moving all modules that are relevant to styling custom design systems in this package. It's meant to be complementary with `@material-ui/unstyled`.

### `@material-ui/styled-engine-sc@5.0.0-alpha.35`

- [styled-engine] Fix styled() util to respect `options` (#26339) @pasDamola

### `@material-ui/lab@5.0.0-alpha.35`

#### Breaking changes

- [ClockPicker] Rework keyboard implementation (#26400) @eps1lon

>   Remove the `allowKeyboardControl` prop from ClockPicker (and TimePicker and variants). The component is now accessible by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Remove the `allowKeyboardControl` prop from ClockPicker (and TimePicker and variants). Keyboard navigation now works by default.
```

Original wording was inaccurate

- [DateRangePicker] Migrate internal components to emotion (#26326) @siriwatknp
- [pickers] Migrate PickersCalendarHeader to emotion (#26354) @siriwatknp
- [pickers] Migrate PickersModalDialog to emotion (#26355) @siriwatknp
- [pickers] Migrate PickersPopper to emotion (#26391) @siriwatknp
- [pickers] Migrate PickersTransition to emotion (#26353) @siriwatknp
- [TimePicker] Migrate ClockPicker to emotion (#26389) @siriwatknp
- [TreeView] Correctly select items in deeply nested trees (#26413) @Dru89

### Docs

- [docs] Add page for `experimentalStyled()` (#26361) @mnajdova
- [docs] Add TypeScript convention (#26259) @siriwatknp
- [docs] Add warning about git-blame-ignore-revs (#26487) @eps1lon
- [docs] Clarify migration from Hidden (#26348) @m4theushw
- [docs] Fix grammar for style library page (#26325) @mbrookes
- [docs] Persist copied state indefinitely or until the user moves their cursor (#26336) @eps1lon
- [docs] Typo in MultipleSelect (#26466) @wolfykey
- [template] Demo how to retreive form value (#26393) @akshitsuri

### Core

- [core] Batch small changes (#26434) @oliviertassinari
- [core] Fix peer dependencies declaration with yarn v2 (#26433) @oliviertassinari

> - [core] Leverage CircleCI workspaces for jobs after checkout (#26394) @eps1lon

Reviewer: You can just remove this and the revert.
